Ask Robert for "Day Four" score to see if we can convert it to js generated audio.
"Back Pain" would work for boss music
"upper Forest" would be good for the forest theme

Add "Bone Daddy" skeleton boss/miniboss.
Add "Jolly Roger" skeleton that has the strawhat.

Extract chase player into an update function that can be composed with other update functions:
    uses `chasePlayerParams` with their own mode+other attributes.

Fix discs are not linked across cell boundaries on the world map.

Dungeon Ideas:
    Wolf Den


Enemy Ideas:
Beach
    Urchin
    Clam
    ----
    Squid
    Crab

Desert
    Turret
    Lord
    ----
    Skeleton
    Scorpion
    Dust Devil

Field
    Bandit
    Lord
    ----
    Slime
    Bat
    Wolf

Forest
    Ent
    Arrow Turret - At long range shoots large bullets infrequently like a sniper
        - At close range, warms up and starts tracking the player for 1.5s then rapidly shoots short range bullets for 2s, perhaps leading the player.
    ----
    Sniper
    Snake
    Spider
    Spinning Faye - Shoots boomerang bullets out quickly, switching angles by 45 degrees each shot
        - Switches between slowly chasing a player, pausing and dashing towards where the player is going.
    Enrapturing Faye - Shoots a nova of boomerangs then dashes past the player, does a small circle, then repeats

Swamp
    Great Slime
    Swamp Dragon - Add poison dot to attacks
        - Add bullets the drop acid trails
    ----
    Water Strider- Circles behind the player, stops and shoots 3 bullet arcs at them
    Gator

FootHills
    Trebuchet - turret that shoots explosive shells
    Centipede - segmented monster like rock dragon.
        - Segments have on death effect, maybe AOE dot with long ~5 second duration
        - Gets faster with fewer segments
    ----
    Wolf
    Ronin - katana inspired attack

Mountain
    Tornado
    Golem - large slow tanky enemy
    ----
    Naga Priest - Heals other mobs and shoots at player
    Naga Wizard - Shoots helix shots
        - Summons nova bombs, # bullets scale with level, maybe make bullets accelerate

Frozen Peaks
    Frost Dragon - Like Swamp Dragon with stun effect and shots that leave a trail of slow ice pools.
    Giant Snow Flake - has slowing attack, summons snow flakes that chase and blow up near player and paralyze them
    ----
    Yeti
    White Wolf - Can summon 1-2 5 levels lower Wolf mobs as minions

Descent (Bat, Naga Priest, Naga Wizard)
    Naga Mystic - Shields 1-2 allies (cannot be shielded)
    Mimic - Looks like a chest and appears to drop an item, but the item is actually a monster
        Monster does drop the item when defeated
        Monster uses paralyzing+stunning attacks at close range
    ----
    Vampire Bat -  Summons bats, inflicts darkness, life steal, maybe gains life when minions are defeated

Badlands
    Necromancer - summons skeletons
    Trebuchet
    ----
    Swamp Thing
    Sniper

Inferno
    Flame Cyclone - Shoots cyclone bullets, 5xDOT, spiral bullets 2xDOT split into 5 way novas that deal 0.5-1xDOT.
    ----
    Magma Thing - Like Swamp thing but pools are smaller, last longer, deal 3xDOT and apply armor break for 5 seconds
        Armor Break just prevents armor recovery for the duration. Maybe also sets armor to 50% base armor.

Abyss



Bad unique interactions:

Disabled unique interactions:
    Boomerang Morning Star: Bullets don't move at all
    Returning Morning Star: Bullets don't move at all
    Seeking Morning Star: Bullets don't move at all
    Vacuum Morning Star: Boring, bullets just fire backwards a bit faster

Mechanic Ideas
    Unlockable slots for equiping enchantments on players
        - armor slots, weapon slots and other
    Accessory slot
        Weapon Enchantment accessory can hold a single weapon enchantment
        Armor Enchantment accessory can hold a single armor echantment
        Bespoke accessories, resist fire damage, reduce duration of slows, increase iframes, etc
    Ground effects
        Slowing sand/webs/slime
        Damaging burning ground
        Rotating rings that push players/enemies around
    Traps
        Turrets - immobile invulnerable enemies
    Status Effects
        Slow
        Burn/Poison
        Cannot attack
        Cannot move
        Armorless
    Consumable drops
        potion
        10s invulnerability
        30s half damage taken, regenerate 1% of life per second
        30s deal 50% more damage
        30s move 50% faster, bullets 50% faster, attack 50% faster
    Elite mobs
        Basically unique enchantments for monsters
        Would give bonus XP/item/unique chance
        Could drop stat boosts
    Stat boost items
        Give linear boosts like
            Flat HP
            Flat damage

Crafting Unique Enchantments:
    Selling an item with a unique enchantment gives a player Unique Points based on the rarity of the enchantment and item level and unlocks that enchantment to purchase for any weapon from the inventory.
        Show a list of all unlocked unique enchantments when paused. Click one to activate if they have sufficient UP, then apply to weapon/armor.
    Unique enchantments cost 3/9/27 points for rarity x 1/5/25/100/500 enchantment level
    Unique enchantments sell for 1/3 of cost.

Unique Weapon Enchantments
    Burst fire: Cannot attack normally. Gain charge 10x more quickly. 25% charge attack duration.

    Slain enemies blow up into a nova of shots that deal 10% of their health as damage

    50% projectile speed 30% more damage

    GMP/Volley

    Beam: 2x charge rate, can only perform charged attacks, shoot all bullets instantly as beams with 1.5x range.

    Bouncing bullets: bullets gain pierce but bounce whenever they hit
        Velocity component directly towards the target is reversed, velocity component normal to this is unchanged.


Unique Armor Enchantments:
    Guard skill is changed to a teleport to mouse with range 300
    Guard skill is changed to fire a beam at the mouse with 3 charges and 1s/2s/3s cooldown does 10% average enemy health with 80 radius AOE


Generate SFX using AudioDriver.
    Gain Level SFX
    Gain Weapon Level SFX
    Drop item SFX
    Use Potion SFX
    Pick up item SFX
    Sell item SFX
    Use enchantment SFX

Generate BGM using AudioDriver
    Create some simple instruments
    Arrange midi tracks
        Field Music
        Dungeon Music
        Boss Music
        Victory Fanfare

Add game over screen
    Store isGameOver on state and do a render of transparent black without clearing the screen and then
        Game Over text after 1000ms
        Press Enter to restart after 2000ms

Show some game over stats
    - Store these somewhere particular so that they aren't erased by restarting the game.


Add stats for improving charge attacks
    Increase charge levels
    Increase charge duration
    Charge faster
    Improved damage/attack speed/bullet size/crit stats during charge

Add bat cave boss Vampire Bat


Add 15 bonus proficiency to starting weapon
    Counts towards bonuses, but not towards level cap or XP requirements for leveling.
Add 10 bonus proficiency to random non-starting weapon
Add 5 bonus proficiency to random non-starting weapon

Add rare potion drop from enemies
    Refills life if potions are full
    Grants bonus XP for any wasted life based on enemy level (potionXp is assigned on creation to 0.2 * enemyXP)


Notes:
    level 1   +0-1 dungeon level
    level 2-3 +1-2
    level 5-8 +1-2
    level 10-15 +2-3 (+2 aditional levels within dungeons based on dungeon type)
        So for example, a level 14 enemy could drop a level 17 dungeon that has 2 additional floors of level 18 + level 19.
